feat: hello nginx sample (multi-containers) (#188)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-run-samples: hello-nginx-sample/README.md

Reviewer: Can the directory be renamed to `multicontainer` for easier discoverability?

> # Deploy multi-container service using nginx

Reviewer: This title suggests we're using nginx to deploy a multi-container service.  Maybe `Deploy an nginx multi-container run service`

A Google Cloud Project is required in order to run the sample. The project should have the following API's enabled:

* Cloud Run
* Secret Manager

## Enable required APIs

```sh
gcloud services enable secretmanager.googleapis.com run.googleapis.com
```

## Create new secret in Secret Manager

> * Going to the console https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Go to the [Secret Manager UI](https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager)
```

* Select `+ Create Secret` and name it `nginx_config` with the following secret value:

> ```conf

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to have this as a file and also provide a gcloud cmd: `gcloud secrets create nginx_config --data-file=FILE_NAME`. We may want to talk about test complexity ie do we create/delete this secret every test or have it as a long term resources. I think I'm fine either way.

Reviewer: Given that the services/api's are enabled via gcloud, I think sticking to gcloud for creating a secret makes for a smoother user experience.

server {
    listen 8080; # Listen at port 8080
    server_name _; # Server at localhost
    gzip on; # Enables gzip compression to make our app faster

    location / {
        proxy_pass   http://127.0.0.1:8888; # Passing requests to 8080 to proxy server at port 8888
    }
}
```

* Click `Create Secret`

## Deploy the multi-container service

From inside the `hello-nginx-sample` directory:

```sh

> gcloud run services replace multicontainers.yaml

Reviewer 2: Need to rename multicontainers to service or vice versa
